Adds README for code-gen-projects (#112)
amazon-ion/ion-cli: code-gen-projects/README.md

# Code generation projects

> This directory contains 2 projects that are used in tests for code generator as well as served as an example of
> how to use `ion-cli` code generator under `generate` subcommand with an existing project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains 2 projects that are used in tests for code generation and serve as an example of
how to use `ion-cli` code generator under the `generate` subcommand with an existing project.
```
